So let's finalize our JavaScript task. I still have some stuff to do.
So remember when we in the SASS task when we needed to add a style for the admin and a style for the
bundle so we needed wto files to compile. And do that we just
instead of a string, we added an array of paths in the source of the style task. So we need to do the same
thing for the images, for the scripts.
So we need to create admin file.
However that's not gonna work in our case.
And that's because the webpack plugin just works differently than the task plugin. It only by default
expect one just one entry point.
And by entry point
I mean you know the file that you compile that you include all the other files in.
But there is a way to do with in the. Let's open the
webpack stream
plugin again.
There's a section here about multiple entry points. And there is a couple of solutions for it.
I'm gonna use the second solution because it will let us add an array for the source just like the
what we did for the styles task.
So we need for this, we need to install another plugin called "vinyl-named".
So let's do this now.
"npm install --save-dev vinyl-named". And while it's installing let's see what we should do. We should
include it. So
"import named from 'vinyl-named'".
And then before the webpack pipe we should add a ".pipe(named())" which is the library that we imported.
Ok.
And and that's it.
We're just specifying the output to be bundle.js here.
But in this case we needed to be dynamic, so the named, the vinyl-named plugin will allows
to add here a placeholder  of name and that will be the name of the file in the array.
And let's see what I mean in a moment. So let's create a new file in the js folder and call it admin.js.
Ok and let's just type any "console.log('admin')".
And we have admin here in the array of files.
So that's run our task. "gulp scripts".
and now we have two bundles created.
So in the dist folder, in the js folder we have admin.js.
"console.log('admin')" and our bundle, excellent.
So let's now include the admin file and in WordPress. So we'll do the same.
enqueue script. Let's copy it
but now for the
the admin, for the "admin _enqueue_scripts" function.
Actually we have the mistake here.
The function, it should be admin_assets. Right. So let's add the
"wp_enqueue_script" and let's change the handle "admin_scripts" and file name to "admin.js". And we also
like CSS, we should have a version here before the
the infooter parameter.
So let's add it.
All right.
Let's now go to the wp-admin.
And we have our CSS and our admin in the console log. Just in case you're wondering what this version argument does.
If we, sorry, if we inspect our. view the source of the page here and we go to the footer where we have
the our SCRIPT tag.
We have after the url, I'm gonna zoom in a little, so after the url for the bundle.js we have
the version here.
And if we change the version when we are enqueueing the script  this will force the browser to refetch this
file if it's caching or something.
So finally for this task we need to watch for changes like we did for SASS tasks. So in the "watch"
task let's add another "gulp.watch()" function
and we will need to watch for "src/assets/
js/" and any files with a .js extension in this folder or in any subfolder in this folder.
And if a change is detected we will need to run the "scripts" task. So that it.
So we also have to add the "scripts"
task here when you are building or developing.
So for the "dev" and the "build" tasks
just add the "scripts" in the parallel scripts that we are running. So let's save this. And let's run let's
run "gulp build" in order to get rid of these old Hashes. So "gulp build".
Now it should,
It should run the "scripts"
task. And we're now having our admin and bundle files only. Let's also run "dev" in order to make sure
the watch is working.
So it's now watching so let's change a
js file. And let's change the slider. And let's change the number and save. And the "scripts" task run here. And
also double check in the browser. We have the new number.
Still have one more thing we need to talk about for the scripts.
So let's do in the next lecture.